# Budget Management System Test Oriented Development
All in all, we think the implementation session was very successful for us. We used a Test-Driven Development methodology during the implementation phase. It is related to the test-first programming concepts of extreme programming, where we first created test cases and then created components based on those test cases. All test cases were passed after continuous testing and code refactoring during development.
For the Component test, we used Boundary Value Analysis method, because it is the most suitable approach as there is a limit on the budget of project. Therefore, it allows us not to let the expenses go to a negative value of the total budget. We used Cause-effect testing for the form component as we think input received from the user can affect the attributes of the form component.
For the Integration test, we used Bottom-up testing method because our project contains low-level component(model) and high-level component(view). So, we first tested the low-level component (model) and then moved to the high-level component (view). We used interface testing as I mentioned that our project has components, we tested the communication of the components and checked that the data transfer works correctly between the two components.
For System test, we used functional and non-functional testing method, because it helps to check all functionality of system and find the problems. 
For the Acceptance test, we used Operational Acceptance Testing (OAT) which evaluates a software application's operational readiness prior to release or production. For that we used selenium which provides a way to write tests that automatically interact with our web application.
For static analysis, we did peer reviews where code written by Trushar was received by Shani and vice versa before it is integrated into the main codebase. The objective of peer review was to identify and correct any issues with the code, such as bugs, security vulnerabilities, code quality issues, or misalignments with development standards, before they cause problems in production and to ensure the quality and reliability of the final product.
